well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again today's gonna be a pretty short
video it's daytime look at that and I'm
out in the yard I'm painting some yard
toys from a kit I need your help I need
to know what color to paint them you
choose what you're waiting for more
information are these colors associated
with something pink and blue huh why
is there a biological reason that blue
is for boys and pink is for girls none
none whatsoever
that's gender it's a social construct
it's the norm it's all it is it's
nothing to do with biological sex and
I've realized that people have a problem
distinguishing the two what if I painted
this gender neutral right non-binary how
about that
I also gonna give my oldest boy a knife
which one should I give him does it
change anything are these different
other than the color nope but the
societal norm says that he should get
the blue one
I personally am non-binary in my knife
lifestyle choices throughout history
what is viewed as acceptable within the
societal norms for a gender has changed
you think about it today address well
that's that's that's for women it's for
the feminine gender maybe okay but what
about a kilt well that's masculine
societal norm that's all it is
does it change anything it's really
irrelevant all of this conversation is
just about people deviating from the
societal norm
who cares deep down who cares funny
thing
pink used to be the boys color see red
shirts were masculine when they would
fade the men would take them and give
them to the women because sewing is
women's work unless of course it's for
settle on a ship then it's men's work
because it's a very different kind of
sewing not that it's just the societal
norm so when they would fade they'd
given to the women and the women would
take them and make boys clothes out of
them if what society deems is
appropriate for a gender is fluid
how can you be surprised that there are
gender-fluid people people that want to
cross over maybe even to the point of
identifying as a different gender now in
the u.s. we've grown very accustomed to
having two genders so much so that
people think that that's the way it's
always been it's not true it's not true
historically a lot of societies have had
more than two genders in the u.s. it
just so happened that we had two main
ones that lined up with biological sex
as all there is to it
this isn't a national issue it shouldn't
be it's just people I mean there's
nothing pressing there's nothing
damaging to the country because somebody
wants to present themselves as more
feminine or more masculine or even go
all the way identify somebody else or
maybe even have a surgery there's no
damage to the country from this the
damage comes when somebody whispers
whispers in your ear which and you find
yourself fighting kicking down instead
of punching up it's a good way to divide
people in control I know somebody out
there right now and it's a mental
illness I'd love to have that
conversation at some point but this
supposed to be a short video so we're
just gonna say sure fine whatever it's a
mental illness so why aren't we making
the accommodations we would for other
mental illnesses we don't make
accommodations for mental illnesses
that's ridiculous we cure them so I'm
gonna expect you to a throw the vet out
next time you see him in the restaurant
with his service dog
we don't make accommodations for mental
illnesses or is it you just don't want
to make them for people you don't like
see the thing is with a lot of this
that's going on it boils down to
something that is just innate in the
American character we want to legislate
and control people's sex life
to what it really boils down to it's not
your business
it is not your business at the end of
the day sex well that's what's between
your legs gender that's what's between
your ears anyway it's just a fault y'all
have a good night